### An understanding on Evaluator.py
  
  ManPy modules called: manpy.DigitalModel, manpy.simulation.Globals
  
  This script is a class called Evaluator, which is a subclass of the threading.Thread class. When an instance of the Evaluator class is created, it takes two arguments: db and time_interval. The db argument is a connection to a database, and the time_interval argument is the time interval at which the Evaluator class will check for new distributions to evaluate.

The Evaluator class has several methods, but the main method is the run() method, which is called when the thread is started. The run() method has a while loop that runs indefinitely as long as the global variable condition_evaluator is True. Within the while loop, the method checks if there are new distributions to evaluate by calling the new_distribution_check() method. If there is a new distribution to evaluate, the Evaluator class will perform an evaluation on that distribution. The evaluation process is not specified in this code snippet.

The Evaluator class also has several attributes, including time_interval, flag, initialization, sim_time, num_replications, confidence, what_if, model, init_pos, distr_new, distr_old, ttr, start_time, time_change, time_demonstration, change_flag, topic, brok, and config.

In the constructor method, __init__() the class sets the initial value for the attributes, it creates an instance of the broker class, which is used to communicate with a message broker, and it also read from external json file called 'ims_config.json' with the config parameters to initialize the evaluation and write on the database.

 
  Class ```DigitalModel``` from ```manpy.DigitalModel``` is capable of generating an executable digital model from a dict() using ```DigitalModel(exec_model_temp, 1)```. Similar funtions were not found in SimPy. The ```Globals``` imported contains functions like extract mean value, confidence interval and convert distribution.
  
  ### SimPy execution
  SimPy is expected to have all the fundamental elements required for performing discrete element simulation. To verify this, a two machine model was created with machines, queues and multiple part types. The code is flexible enough to accept both open loop and closed loop system. The code can handle multiple part types with individual processing time. The code can also initiate the simulation with predefined initial conditions for the number of parts in the queues. Machines can handle both BBS and BAS services. Appropriate documentation will be given for the code.
  

